GitHub Research Docs Fixes (#2868)
raft-tech/TANF-app: docs/User-Experience/Research-Syntheses/2022, Fall - TDP 2.2 Pilot Expansion.md

### Retest observed gaps from August 2022 pilot program 

> In addition to reviewing new functionality, we wanted to revisit and retest the areas noted from the August 2022 pilot program. Please reference [August 2022](https://github.com/HHS/TANF-app/blob/main/docs/User-Experience/Research-Syntheses/2022%2C%20Fall%20-%20TDP%202.2%20Pilot%20Expansion.md) for full details 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to reviewing new functionality, we wanted to revisit and retest the areas noted from the August 2022 pilot program. Please reference [August 2022](https://github.com/HHS/TANF-app/blob/main/docs/User-Experience/Research-Syntheses/2022%2C%20Summer%20-%20TDP%202.0%20Pilot%20Program.md) for full details 
```
I think we want to link to August 2022 instead but please double check
